DOCS: Describe SAF protocol for Android (#4760)
scummvm/scummvm: doc/docportal/other_platforms/android.rst

.. note::

>     ScummVM has been tested to work up to Android 12. Currently there are some file browsing limitations with Android 11. The ScummVM team are working to resolve these.

Reviewer: I don't think there are limitations anymore.

Author: Fixed

See :doc:`../use_scummvm/game_files` for more information about game file requirements.

Adding SAF paths to ScummVM directory list
==========================================

> In this new version of ScummVM Android, significant changes were made to the file access system to allow support for modern versions of the Android Operating System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 2.7 of ScummVM for Android, significant changes were made to the file access system to allow support for modern versions of the Android Operating System.
```

Author: Done

If you find that your existing added games or custom paths no longer work, please edit those paths and this time use the SAF system to browse to the desired locations.
To do that:

  1. For each game whose data is not found, go to the "Paths" tab in the "Game Options" and change the "Game path"

  2. Inside the ScummVM file browser, use "Go Up" until you reach the "root" folder where you will see the "<Add a new folder>" option.

.. figure:: ../images/android/browser-root.png

    File Browser root with <Add a new folder> item

>   3. Choose that, then browse and select the "parent" folder for your games subfolders, e.g. "SD Card > myGames". Click on "Use this folder".

Reviewer 2: Since on the attached screenshots the parent folder where the game data subfolders reside is named "ScummVMgames", maybe we should change the example here too, from "myGames" to "ScummVMgames".

Author: Done

.. figure:: ../images/android/fs-root.png

    OS file browser root

.. figure:: ../images/android/fs-folder.png

    OS file browser selectable folder with "Use this folder" button

.. figure:: ../images/android/fs-permission.png

    OS file browser ask to grant ScummVM directory access permission

>   4. Then, a new folder "myGames" will appear on the "root" folder of the ScummVM browser.

Reviewer 2: As above, change "myGames" to "ScummVMgames" to be consistent with what is shown in the screenshot.

Author: Done
